Update docs (#73)
layerai/dbt-layer: examples/README.md

## Examples

> - [Predicting survials of Titanic](https://github.com/layerai/examples-dbt/tree/main/titanic) - Predicts the survivals of the Titanic disaster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Predicting survials of Titanic](https://github.com/layerai/examples-dbt/tree/main/titanic) - Predicts the survival chance for passengers of the Titanic disaster.
```

- [Sentiment analysis of product reviews](https://github.com/layerai/examples-dbt/tree/main/sentiment_analysis) - An example that shows how to make multi-language sentiment analysis.

> - [Object detection in product images](https://github.com/layerai/examples-dbt/tree/main/cloth_detector) - Detects cloths from product images using a pretrained computer vision model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Object detection in product images](https://github.com/layerai/examples-dbt/tree/main/cloth_detector) - Detects clothes from product images using a pre-trained computer vision model.
```
